yo what's going on guys welcome back to
the channel my name is nick terry and
today i have an exciting new video for
you guys today we'll be going over how
we did a hundred and thirty seven
thousand dollars in 30 days for a
supplement brand i'm gonna do a full
case study and drop all the details and
everything for you guys how exactly we
did that so with that being said make
sure the like button and hit that
subscribe button for new videos every
monday wednesday and friday that being
said let's dive into the video
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so 137 000 in 30 days for a
supplement brand and i'm gonna show you
exactly everything so let's just kind of
a quick overview 137 thousand dollars 38
thousand dollars from that profits um i
do want to do a full disclaimer too as
well um this actually is in new zealand
dollar so i'll let you guys do that math
up but it's i think it's roughly like 70
of the us dollars well um i just want to
make sure i make that clear now because
i made the mistake i've originally
filmed this and be like oh wait
this is new zealand dollar so i just
want to make sure you guys are aware of
that because i don't want to fool anyone
or anything like that so that is like
roughly 60 70 percent of what uh the us
dollar is so make sure we're aware of
all that now going further into it um we
did 137 000 and 30 days using three
campaigns only okay if you watch the how
to run facebook ads in 2022 you'll be
you'll be familiar with some of these
things i'm going to show you guys in the
next few slides but i just want to show
you guys this right here so we use three
campaigns only uh prospecting creative
testing and ads holding container which
is basically just a dummy campaign a
creative testing campaigns where we do
our creative testing or just our testing
in general and then we have our
prospecting campaigns where we spend all
of our money out so where we came from
we came from sixteen thousand dollars
back a little under
nine months ago or twelve months ago i
think it's like nine months or ten
months when this client first came on
board and they had just at 16 000
and we helped them do 135 or 137
thousand dollars so with that being said
um i just want to kind of go into a few
different things um nick only a 2.5 row
ass look i just have to say it every
time i talk about ross the reason why is
because one robust is different for
literally every single person some
people need like like if you just say i
want three extra rs with no context of
your cost of goods your profit margins
and all that stuff right there you're
shooting yourself in the foot because
i've seen brands like yeah nick we want
three x4s and i look at all their cogs
and everything like that and they need
actually like a 3x just to break even
not even to be profitable and then they
realize they're like oh well i
actually need like a four or five x so
that's all very important right there
and again profit goals are different for
everyone so there'll be periods of time
where you people will accept lower
profits to go harder on customer
acquisition which is usually about q2
and q3 then there's periods of time
where people want to ease off on
customer acquisition and make the most
profits which is usually q4 if you
acquire a ton of customers in q2 and q3
then in q4 when you do your black friday
all of these customers can be purchased
from you a ton which is gonna make you a
ton of profit because you really don't
do anything to acquire them so that's a
big thing right there you know again so
you need to understand where your
breakeven or ass is at you need to
understand where your profit margins are
at
every single business is different
telling you that now what affects raw
ass
from the highest impact to lowest impact
offer site conversion rate add messaging
add visuals account structure this is
from the highest impact to lowest impact
so just by improving your offer you can
create a huge impact in your row as just
by improving your site conversion rate
you can create a huge improvement and
the list goes on i'm not going to go
into this too deep too deeply because
again this can all can be found in my
series how to run facebook ads in 2022
where i go very specific on all this so
step one what we did was just simply
identify the personas who are the people
that are buying this particular product
we did this through market research
looking at competitors reading amazon
reviews looking at reviews on
competitors websites looking at who's
being marketed to in our competitors
websites looking at similar products
looking at like just literally
everything we can get our information on
around this product and products similar
to identify who are the people that are
purchasing this is simply just an
example persona right here so step one
is just identify all the people that are
buying your product okay now the next
thing is to do a bridge on each one
sometimes the bridge will be the same
for all of them that's okay but we did
one for each persona because like for
example we have one persona that wants
to quit caffeine then we have another
persona that simply just wants to get
over that afternoon
hurdle of like the you know gloom 12
o'clock crash whatever you want to call
afternoon crash so we did a current
situation which is their current
situation what are they filling right
now what are the emotions they're
feeling what the problems are
experiencing all that good stuff right
there what if they tried that and failed
that to really figure out and articulate
exactly what they're feeling thinking
and all that good stuff right there we
want to identify their current situation
the same way they identify it in their
head with a little voices
now the next thing we want to do is
clearly identify a desired situation we
want to know where they want to go what
is their goals what is that vision in
their head that looks like a win for
them we want to identify that desired
situation now the reason we do this is
because our ad needs to articulate this
information so it's good that we have
all this and again we're using customer
research amazon reviews competitor
website reviews competitor ads
competitor marketing just look at all
that stuff youtube reviews youtube
reviews of similar products youtube
videos on that specific persona google
like all that good stuff right there to
really identify their current situation
and identify their desired situation now
the next thing we did was we did develop
the messaging okay so there's three key
things that we look at when we start
developing the messaging for our first
round of ads what is the main desire so
obviously like zero from current
situation desired situation you need
something to push you to that desired
situation situation what is the main
desire the main motivator the main why
why i want to accomplish this that's
very important right there to understand
okay so you need to understand the main
desire
that people have because once you
achieve that that's a big part
of what makes people purchase if you can
carefully articulate that
then that's you know be a big thing so
for example
desire might be you know
i might really want this specific jacket
it looks really good but why do i
specifically want it is because
i've seen another guy wearing it and
gets a ton of compliments by girls the
main desire i have is the compliments on
girls and the product is simply the
vehicle that gets me that that i have in
my head so like that's just an example
right there okay
so the next thing is market awareness
where do we want to pick up the
conversation at do we want to pick up
the conversation talking about the
problem do we want to pick up the
conversation um in the ad talking about
the different solutions do we want to
pick up the conversation to a completely
unaware market who have no clue about
that they even have this problem and how
can we create this a problem in their
life then the next level is market
sophistication market sophistication is
basically the vocabulary choice we use
in ads so are we talking very
sophisticated because people have done a
lot of research already in this so we
can talk and use bigger words or they're
very unaware and very just like
like you know this product is freshly
new to the market we can use very simple
words so um basically the market
sophistication is a very tough one but
just think about the vocabulary choice
and ads now
step four is create the ads so we've
identified the personas we've gone
through the bridge process for each
persona and then we developed the
messaging now we're gonna create the ads
this is basically where our copywriters
can start writing all the copy for body
copy start writing all the headlines for
obviously to go with the body copy and
in the on-screen text that's me the
image slash video headlines so you know
if you see a big image with a big
headline on the image that's basically
where you know comprising right so once
the copywriter comes up with all this
messaging copy all that good stuff right
there then the visual creator takes all
that and starts creating ads you know
visuals or image videos all that stuff
like that
so that's basically the process we do to
create ads
then from there what we do is our media
buyer puts the ads testing i have a full
video on how we test ads in facebook you
know 2022 go watch part six of how to
run facebook ads in 2022 where i
literally break down our whole process
of how we test ads but yeah it's very
straightforward campaign each ad
sets a different ad concept and yeah and
we basically just run small budgets to
it to figure out what works and what
doesn't we use the same audience on all
of them so that way we don't have any
variables like bad variables in terms of
oh we're using a different audience for
this one so it's an audience that i add
we use the same audience for all of it
okay so our media buyer puts the ads
testing he receives them from the visual
creator and our copywriter media buyer
puts those ads testing and then the team
review so during our team review we
basically look at the ads over the last
week that we put testing why did this ad
work so we won't understand why the
winning ads worked but we also want to
understand why didn't this ad work so
for the losing ads why didn't these ads
work okay because that's very important
just as important to understand why an
ad worked it's very important understand
why an ad did not work because if we can
take both of those
like learnings and put them together we
can optimize how we're creating copy we
can optimize how we're creating visuals
based off of those things to create more
winning ads and have a higher strike
rate with each
creative test so and the last one is
what are the lessons from these ads so
maybe if we tried something new we tried
implementing something new what are the
lessons we learned from these ads that
we can apply to future ad concepts as
well so once we do that team review then
we basically scale our winning ads and
the way we scale our winning ads that we
pull from creative testing we have one
campaign and we have one ad set and
inside of that one ad set we have all of
our ads inside of it that have one in
crit and testing and we move it over to
our campaign and basically we just leave
them all in here and then we just turn
off the ones that do not convert and
yeah that's simply it we repeat this
process weekly because i think that's
the biggest thing right there is that
this whole process of finding winning
ads testing new ads creating new ads
needs to be done on a weekly basis okay
so the hardest part about this is the
actual research side the creation of the
ad side the messaging side all of that
stuff right there is what drives
performance you guys are looking at the
testing side and you guys are looking at
the scaling side as the thing that
drives performance no it's the first
five or six different
steps we did
before the scaling and the testing those
are the most important things right
there that's the things that's going to
actually grow in account not the way you
structure it not the way you scale your
ads that's why we keep things super
simple we literally have two campaigns
we toss everything in there and that's
it but we have everything simple and
easy to understand and easy for us to
use in the accounts so guys that's how
we did 137 000 in 30 days so hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you guys
so much for watching today's video make
sure you hit that subscribe button if
you're new to the channel and turn on
subscribe notifications so that way when
i upload a new video you'll never miss a
single one all these videos at the end
of their designs help you in your
business grow and hit your revenue goals
make you more money at the end of the
day hit that like button and drop a
comment below of your favorite part of
this video now if you own a business and
you're curious about how we can help
your business scale and hit revenue
goals at profitability then click the
link below to book off me and my team
we'll hop on a call together learn a
little bit more about your business and
if we think you'll be a good fit we'll
do a strategy session together and on
that strategy session we'll give you you
know actionable tips and stuff like that
to help you grow your business and you
can take that and run with it or you
have the option to work this if if you
choose and if we think you're a good fit
to work with us now that being said
thanks again so much for tuning in
should have a video somewhere up along
the screen right here that'll take you
to another video i think you may enjoy
thank you guys so much for watching have
a great rest of your day i'll talk to
you guys later my name is nick tario
peace out